  The purpose of this project is to develop a web application for exams scheduling for the 
Faculty of Electrical Engineering and Computer Science from Transilvania University. This concept 
comes from the fact that there is currently no management system for the university exam 
sessions and it would be very useful for streamlining the process.
  The web pages can be accesed by multiple types of users(teachers, students, secretarial 
staff) and have diffrenent features.
  Students have acces to view the scheduled exams for their specialization, year, and group 
through an interactive calendar and to search information about an exam by a specific subject.
  Teachers have acces to the entire exams schedule and can obtain information about them 
trough interaction with the calendar, for viewing by day, according to filtering options(subject, 
specialization, year, group). The interface implemented for them also has other features, such as 
adding an exam schedule by completing a form, deleting created exams, and displaying the exams 
schedule based on the subjets taught.
  Secretaries have acces to the entire exams schedule, but cannot perform add or delete 
actions. An essential aspect of the secretary account is acces to the group management menu, 
where they can make changes to groups (renaming, adding, deleting).
  In terms of development, special attention was paid to respecting all the fundamental 
properties that underlie the successful operation of an application. In addition, the developed 
interface is friendly and intuitive, its functionality being accesible trough buttons and easily 
identifiable forms. Security measures were implemented for data protection and the created 
program is efficient, wich allows processes to be completed in the shortest time and with minimal 
effort from the user.
  In terms of future development opportunities, the following options can be considered:
    • Integrating all faculties within the Transilvania University
    • Integrating the existing database and API of the university
    • Adding a new layer of security, such as email authentication confirmation
